Room- I think the rooms are amazing for one person. They seem small, but really it's more than enough space. I put my dresser in the closet and was able to fit a futon along one of the walls, along with a max sized mini fridge/freezer. The amount of storage is very nice (it's easy to hide things like airfryers too, so long as you're not dumb with it). I was lucky enough to get a corner room between a supply closet and my suitemate, the thinnest walls are in the closet in most rooms. Only time I ever had a real issue with noise when when my suitemate was blasting music, but it's worth noting you can hear everything in the bathroom too. If you don't decorate however, the rooms can feel a bit prison-y. Highly suggest bringing your own lights.

Building- I love Owen as a building. Other than Brody, it feels like one of the newer cleaner buildings from the lobby. The game room downstairs is nice. I never used the kitchen, it was easy enough to cook in the dorm rooms (even if you're not supposed to). Shockingly I only ever had to wait for a dryer in the laundry room once. Even if you don't have a meal plan, the Spartys is very convenient.

Location- The only place more mid-campus than Owen is Shaw. Only places that are a long walk are Brody or South. 5 min walk to 7/11 too. If you get a room facing the forest, it rivals the beauty of North as well. Parking passes are expensive but so worth it. Right across the street from the Wharton too if you like Broadway stuff (which you should, student tickets are only around $30). I used to wish it was closer to Grand River, but after recent events I'm glad it's south of the river.

Bathroom- They're fine. But expect to either walk-in on, be walked-in on, or both with your suitemate at some point. They feel kinda gross too with their age, and if you get a shower curtain instead of a shower door they flood pretty easily. Both people can hear everything from the bathroom in their room. Most rooms have shower lights though, which is more than some of the suite dorms can say.