I'll give you a rundown of the dorm in case you want it, if not someone else may appreciate it.

I enjoyed my time in Bailey! I was in the RISE program (if you have any questions about that feel free to DM me) and stayed on the 2nd floor with other new RISE members. Bailey is pretty chill but we had trouble with the front desk being open reliably, it should be normal now.

On the 1st floor is the Bailey help desk, some offices, rooms, recycling, vending machines, and some places to sit. Try to not use the first floor bathroom. It's usually covered in piss, no matter how hard it's cleaned it's disgusting.

The rooms are nice and, well, roomy! Two people can fit very comfortably in a room, and my roommate and I could split a closet with no issues.

Our room was ridiculously hot. If your room is boiling please talk to your R.A and raise a stink. We didn't and we suffered the entire time. There's no AC in the rooms unfortunately. The bathrooms are really nice. You have a row of back-to-back sinks across from a wall of small lockers for toiletries. WARNING: If you put your all your hygiene products in there make a backup kit because when the janitors clean the bathrooms they won't let you go in and get your stuff. :( On all the floors there's a gender neutral restroom next to the normal ones, all bathrooms besides that one need a key, showers need the same key.

There's a kitchen on the 3rd floor that's locked way too often. Hopefully it should be easier to get into now, ask the people in room 104 in the Brody Service Desk. I'm one of the only people who cleaned the kitchen and I left so watch out. :') on the 3rd floor there's also a hangout area with 2 TV's and two rooms with TV's that you can close (study rooms). Those fill up quickly, especially during finals, just a heads up. There's also washing machines on the 3rd floor.

4th floor has a workout room that you should be able to unlock with your ID. If your ID isn't working ask someone at the Brody service desk. It has a few treadmills, ellipticals, and like 2 weights. It does have a nice area tucked behind the wall for floor exercises though! The 4th floor has a large closed study room that a lot of people can hang out in. The lights sometimes turn off if you stay in one spot for too long so you may have to walk around a little bit, looks silly but it works. There are also washing machines on the 4th floor.

Phew! That's all I can remember. If you have any questions, just let me know!



