I have been doing extensive research on Wilson and have talked with current and former residents here. Wilson Hall's goal is to become a living-learning community for engineering students, and the engineering college has been given full oversight of investment and control of the facilities. The problem is, they've entirely taken residents out of the picture of the residence hall. Wilson Hall at it exists today only functions as a unit of the engineering department, neglecting facilities and upkeep to where we're basically just the decrepit janitor's closet of South Neighborhood. Falling-apart wood paneling, closed service center and food hall, less-than-half full commons areas, broken water fountains, broken signage, and poorly-bolted hallway seating, with virtually no food options or amenities. Comparing that to the basement which has clearly been the only priority of Wilson Hall management. Even the Innovation Center which recently opened is now dark and locked off to everyone most of the time. It's only going to get severely worse with renovations, which focus entirely on the engineering program and not of the quality of life for residents, shutting off another part of the building from residents. Contrasting to the other halls in South Neighborhood, which have done a fantastic job balancing residential and learning. I've talked to the housing services department and Eat At State, and they basically say they can't effectively bring any sort of amenities or food options to Wilson because the engineering department operates everything and occupies so much facility that there isn't enough room for many amenities, even though there are many parts of the building which are vacant and underutilized. The engineering college clearly is not fit to operate a residential experience for students. Which is funny because you'd expect something just a little bit nicer to promote the living-learning program for potential engineers. A new fire alarm doesn't matter when the whole facilities of where residents occupy is crumbling anyway. We're basically the laughing stock of South Neighborhood and the wider MSU campus, and the overarching feeling among us current and former residents is that it stinks to live here because "nothing happens around here". It's true, because we have nothing compared to the engineering college which has crept in and taken away every nook and cranny of the building and left us residents bread crumbs. It's embarrassing here, and renovations are only going to make the residential neglect worse. The MSU Board of Trustees should consult with residents before renovations begin so we are not continued to be left behind.

